doc(readme): Elaborate which parts are user specified (#221)
bluecmd/fortigate_exporter: README.md

      - target_label: __address__
        replacement: '[::1]:9710'
```

> In above configuration only the targets and the replacement values needs to be changed as per your environment. Where target is URL of the fortigate firewall and the replacement (at the buttom) will be the FQDN of system where the node exporter is running, example ```replacement: 'YourSystem.public.corp.com:9710'```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In above configuration only the targets and the replacement values needs to be changed as per your environment. Where target is URL of the Fortigate firewall and the replacement (at the bottom) will be the FQDN of system where the node exporter is running, example ```replacement: 'YourSystem.public.corp.com:9710'```
```
